index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Home
collection: main
---

## Course Description

Lectures on statistics, experimental design, instrumentation, lab safety, and report writing; laboratory experiments on fluid mechanics and heat transfer. Emphasis on teaming, experimental planning, procedures, report writing, and oral presentations.

## Instructors

- Prof. Chad Curtis (ccurtis7@uw.edu)
- Prof. Fran&#231;ois Baneyx (baneyx@uw.edu)

## Teaching Assistants

- TBD

## Teaching Logistics

- Lectures: Tu/Th 12:30-1:20 (BNS 203)
- Labs:
    - (AA) M 1:30-5:20 (BNS 035)
    - (AB) T 1:30-5:20 (BNS 035)

## Course Objectives

1. To learn to deal with open-ended team assignments found in practice
2. To plan and carry out safe, efficient experiments involving typical chemical engineering concepts
3. To analyze and interpret experimental results using statistics
4. To make appropriate conclusions and recommendations
5. To write informative, persuasive technical reports
6. To present effective oral reports

## Expectations

You are required to *be on time* and to act as a *professional engineer* in every assignment. You are expected to make full use of the laboratory session time and to work in teams cooperatively and effectively to fulfill all laboratory requirements on time.

## Lectures

We will meet on Tuesdays and Thursdays for part of the quarter (first 6-7 weeks) to discuss statistical analysis, writing, experimental design, and ethics. At the end of the lecture series, you should be able to:

1. Assess the validity of the data you have gathered.
2. Assess the extent to which errors can be propagated through calculations.
3. Compare two datasets in a statistically meaningful fashion.
4. Extract the most important information from the raw data.
5. Optimize an experimental design to obtain the most data through the least amount of work.
6. Understand the consequences of unethical behavior.

## Laboratory

The class will be divided in teams of three students (teams of two when this isn't feasible). Each team will perform three experiments. For each experiment, one team member will serve as Task Leader to author the written **Planning Report**, another to author the **Final Report**, and the last one to present the **Oral Presentation**. These roles will be rotated such that each team member will submit one of each (planning, final, oral) during the quarter.

All data should be submitted as Excel spreadsheets including the source of each measurement, units, formulae for calculations, etc. Data should be sent to the TA at the end of the lab period. Final datasets should be submitted with the Final Report.


<div class="home">

</div>

Commit message:

Updated with 512 info to syllabus, index, etc.

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Home
collection: main
---

## Course Description

Applications of mathematics to problems in chemical engineering; vector calculus; properties and methods of solution of first and second order partial differential equations; similarity transforms, separation of variables, Laplace and Fourier transforms.

## Instructors

- Prof. Chad Curtis (ccurtis7@uw.edu)
- Prof. Fran&#231;ois Baneyx (baneyx@uw.edu)

## Teaching Assistants

- TBD

## Teaching Logistics

- Lectures: M/W/Th/F 11:30-12:20 (BNS 203)

## Course Objectives

1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.

## Software Requirements

As homeworks will be submitted in the form of Jupyter notebooks, students will need to have Python and a package manager available on their computers. The best instructions for proper installation are found on the [Software Carpentry website](https://uwescience.github.io/2019-01-15-uw/) (scroll down to the **Setup** section). Please have this installed prior to the first day of class. We will cover the basics of Python, Markdown, and GitHub the first week of class to ensure you can properly submit homeworks.



<div class="home">

</div>
